Expand Difficulty Increase mod articles (#12629)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Flashlight_(lazer)/en.md

*For the osu!stable version of this article, see: [Flashlight (mod)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier/Flashlight)*\
*For the full list of all [lazer](/wiki/Client/Release_stream/Lazer) mods, see: [Game modifier (lazer)](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier_(lazer))*

> The **Flashlight** mod fully limits the player's view of the playfield except for a specific area lit by a flashlight. The more combo you build, the smaller the illuminated area gets until it reaches a limit depending on the [game mode](/wiki/Game_mode).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Flashlight** mod restricts visibility of the playfield to a small illuminated area, as if viewed through a flashlight. As the player's combo increases, this visible area progressively shrinks until it reaches a minimum size, which varies depending on the [game mode](/wiki/Game_mode).
```

## Customisation

![Flashlight customisation options in the game client](/wiki/Gameplay/Game_modifier_(lazer)/img/customise/FL.jpg)

> - **Follow delay** (120-1.200, default 120): Milliseconds until the flashlight reaches the cursor.
> - **Flashlight size** (0,5-2,0, default 1,0): Multiplier applied to the default flashlight size.
> - **Change size based on combo** (default enabled): Decrease the flashlight size as combo increases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Follow delay** (120-1200, default: 120): Milliseconds until the flashlight reaches the cursor.
- **Flashlight size** (0,5-2,0, default: 1,0): Multiplier applied to the default flashlight size.
- **Change size based on combo** (default: enabled): Decrease the flashlight size as combo increases.
```
